Chris Alliman MD: Alright, this is Dr. Element. Today is May 19. This is a new patient intake for patient James Chavez, date of birth is eight 819 64
Chris Alliman MD: Hello.
James Chavez: Hey how's it going
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I'm Dr. Alan. How are you today.
James Chavez: I'm doing okay. Pleased to meet you.
Chris Alliman MD: Good to meet you all. So I'm going to change the name on your device says Moto G seven power.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to change that to your name just so we've got it on here. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so I don't know much about you. I assume we're talking about x and the box. Correct.
James Chavez: I'd like to try the film strips. If I can never really tried Suboxone much at all. But I tried one before, you know, the orange tablet.
James Chavez: Okay, and I couldn't, I couldn't I digested well
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you're talking more the films instead of the tablets.
James Chavez: Yeah, I've never tried to show me either. Okay.
James Chavez: Well,
Chris Alliman MD: Tell me your story. I want to get some of the background. Why do you want to be on Chantix. What's the background. I'm sorry, I'm Suboxone. What's your
Chris Alliman MD: Background. Whoa.
James Chavez: Whoa, whoa I smoke heroin.
James Chavez: And move
James Chavez: On and off.
James Chavez: Probably since 2012
James Chavez: I retired in from the fire department in 2011
James Chavez: I've had 11 surgeries.
James Chavez: both hips replaced
James Chavez: They did the left knee GK are four times.
James Chavez: Got a metal plate. None. Right. Joe, I mean I got, I can keep you awake for hours.
James Chavez: Yeah, it's just
James Chavez: I've had a lot of surgeries since probably 2010 and, you know, I've been clean for for a long time and I had to have left hip replaced in November.
James Chavez: And
James Chavez: I they gave me five milligram oxy code on which didn't do much at all.
James Chavez: Yeah, and
James Chavez: So I went back to what I knew kind of
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
James Chavez: No for relief and and all I do is just maintenance, not to be sick.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Gotcha.
James Chavez: That's a very good story.
James Chavez: Yeah, I really don't like smoking, you know, like the taste. I, you know, in November, when I started, I thought, well, I can do it a week or two eating quit, you know, because my being a me honest with you, I'm pain free.
James Chavez: Right now, I mean pains. Good. I did all my third piece would have done everything you know I can walk fine now. I couldn't walk for almost four years without a walker.
James Chavez: And before that I had me
James Chavez: I was like six foot 230 pounds. Now I'm about 511 560
James Chavez: This is surgeries and drugs and, you know, besides the opiates. I was
James Chavez: On pain management.
James Chavez: Several years, which was cocktail 30 milligram Moxie coat on. And 40 milligram oxy cotton, they weren't doing me any favors.
James Chavez: Yeah, I was on that stuff for about three years.
James Chavez: And
James Chavez: And deal with the heroin. It was short accessible because I had my son living with us so narrow and then you get heroin and I never saw her hoodie 50 years
James Chavez: Ray thought never touched it and never even knew what it looked like, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Why did you get started using heroin in 2012. What was that trigger
James Chavez: Um, I think it was after surgery and my son was living with us at the time and
James Chavez: I think that what I did was
James Chavez: I wasn't quite making it on my pills every month, you know, I was I was gobbling them down. I mean, I was in serious pain. I mean day night I couldn't sleep and
James Chavez: Say, Dad, you want to try this. And that was it.
James Chavez: Gotcha. On the, you know, I've quit.
James Chavez: For
James Chavez: Quite some time with sequel 20 1314 2015 and probably quit for
James Chavez: Hosting or, you know, we'll see 2016 which for a year. I didn't methadone maintenance know job 150 milligrams, which was too much, honestly.
James Chavez: Okay, and then I don't even remember the circumstances, why
James Chavez: I got off a method on the first time.
James Chavez: I think what I did is I wanted to quit. Nothing don't
James Chavez: And
James Chavez: I don't know, I can't remember even why went back to heroin back then.
James Chavez: Sure. Okay. So I went back to methadone maintenance 2016 and did well.
James Chavez: From 20 1620 1720. No, I went methadone maintenance. I'm sorry, the first time in 2016
James Chavez: And I started back on methadone maintenance in 2018 I think I did it for two years and I got off for a while and then
James Chavez: 2018 October 2018 I went back to methadone maintenance, but I just went to enough methadone, not to be sick.
James Chavez: Sick. So it's 80 milligrams and and then
James Chavez: What happened was,
James Chavez: I had been putting off this surgery for about three years and
James Chavez: This past November I had the surgery. My methadone maintenance would not let me um have enough take home.
James Chavez: I would have to have gone in for methadone, like two days after surgery.
James Chavez: It was impossible. Yeah, I mean for me to do that, you know, I talked to the surgeon. He knew everything that was going on.
James Chavez: And to be honest with the five milligram Moxie code on Mosaic Covenant now.
Yeah, okay.
James Chavez: And see the deal with the left tip when he, when he did surgery and left it.
James Chavez: My left knee is never sat right after for well GK aren't true visions and never sat right so my my left knee was really treated
James Chavez: After the surgery in November.
James Chavez: I was just a serious pain hip and knee.
James Chavez: And so
James Chavez: I went back to smoking.
James Chavez: No, and I haven't loved and I'm
James Chavez: I know I'm ready to quit. Man, I don't like smoking crap.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to smoke.
James Chavez: That I talked
James Chavez: Yeah today.
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: just filling in some of the holes here. Do you have any allergies to medications.
James Chavez: I'm only penicillin. When I was a kid. But other than that, I don't know.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what happened when you took penicillin do
James Chavez: I really don't know.
James Chavez: I just know that I've always been allergic.
James Chavez: To it and I never had it.
Chris Alliman MD: And what medications are you currently prescribed
James Chavez: On right now I take Seroquel for sleep.
James Chavez: Okay, and I take
James Chavez: Chantix or cigarette smoking.
James Chavez: Um,
James Chavez: Bottle. It's a generic Flomax
Chris Alliman MD: Tim. So listen
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Okay.
James Chavez: And that's it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, very good.
Prescribed
James Chavez: Um,
James Chavez: Something else, but I'm not taking it.
James Chavez: Okay, know what it doesn't
Chris Alliman MD: matter too much then so with the tobacco, how much tobacco, have you generally been smoking.
Chris Alliman MD: Up before training quick here with can't fix
James Chavez: Well, you know, I quit. For a long time I started smoking after surgery.
Chris Alliman MD: How much reason. Oh.
James Chavez: Well, probably pack a day.
Chris Alliman MD: And then, in general, I know it's kind of been off and on. How long have you smoked for
James Chavez: cirrus
James Chavez: Yeah, since I was about 30 years
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, for about 30 years
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Okay, and what about alcohol. Do you drink alcohol.
James Chavez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever had to, no problem.
James Chavez: No, never had any kind of problems and now
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, and any other drug use along the way.
James Chavez: A not me 20 years ago, maybe, you know, little pro gamers on back in, they rather the from the Bay Area.
Okay.
James Chavez: Other than that, no.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and any illnesses running the family or addiction issues run in the family.
James Chavez: You know, I don't know, because I'm adopting
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, to just son.
James Chavez: My son, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And he evidently heroin is an issue for him to
James Chavez: The everything's an issue for you.
James Chavez: Okay, yeah, gambling.
James Chavez: Heroin, I mean, you name it. Any kind of addiction. You can think of man and
Chris Alliman MD: He's got it.
James Chavez: Yeah. Music
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have a primary care doctor that you generally see
James Chavez: Yes, I do.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good, because I just wanted to make sure because we don't do primary care.
James Chavez: Right, yeah. I check in with him every
James Chavez: Every three months and sometimes call them every month.
James Chavez: Very good relationship.
James Chavez: You know, pretty honest relationship.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you gone through rehab previously to try and get away from heroin.
James Chavez: No, no, cuz you know I'm strong headed and I know when I want to quit. I can quit you know and i don't i don't like you know therapy and I mean counseling. Yeah, but I don't like right 12 stepper
James Chavez: Talking about stories and stuff, you know,
James Chavez: Our story.
Chris Alliman MD: Why do you want to quit. What's your motivation, this time around.
James Chavez: Oh my motivation is just clean living you know that's, you know, I have a grandson.
James Chavez: here three years old.
James Chavez: Yeah, he's playing with his trucks.
James Chavez: In my daughter. I have a 34 year old son and a 21 year old daughter and my grandson, and my daughter live with us.
James Chavez: Good. You know, just the motivation is just
James Chavez: Ain't no I sat here for two months.
James Chavez: Doing rehab on my, on my hip and stuff and and you know i just i don't i have to get up in the morning. Gotta smoke dope.
James Chavez: You know, I'll get
James Chavez: You know my face. I know what he's doing to my lungs, you know, and you know, I'm just, I didn't want to go back to methadone maintenance because you end up as a slave to having to go in there every day.
James Chavez: Yeah, I just don't like it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely.
James Chavez: Methadone is just another addiction.
James Chavez: You know,
James Chavez: People don't see it that way, some people don't. But other people do and
James Chavez: It's well your approach to it so fair and it was hard.
James Chavez: It was hard to get off.
James Chavez: Method. Oh, yeah, yeah. No, it's real hard. I mean,
James Chavez: When you go down five milligrams 20 milligrams, you know, you're okay. But once you get, you know, 2030 milligrams 40 milligrams down you really feel it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
James Chavez: You know, so I've never tried Suboxone. I don't know if it works as good as methadone.
Chris Alliman MD: Mm hmm.
James Chavez: You know, or
Chris Alliman MD: Or what yeah so Suboxone is
Chris Alliman MD: A little bit different than methadone right methadone, you can keep going up on the dose and keep getting more of an effect Suboxone there's a leveling off. There's no, there's no effect over 24 milligrams. Once you get to 24 milligrams. That's the maximum
James Chavez: Is that 24 milligrams a day.
James Chavez: Yes, it's, it's an eight.
James Chavez: Eight to correct it's
James Chavez: Rigid beer enough and awesome. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: buprenorphine in the lock. So, yeah.
James Chavez: North things radical. I was wondering how you say that
James Chavez: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, how much do you know about our program at this point.
James Chavez: You know, I've been briefed on by Anna about counseling.
James Chavez: And she said something that you know that I might have to do like a group therapy words. I don't like to you, but
James Chavez: Um, yeah, I pretty much stayed quiet. I've tried that locally, you know, and just wasn't my gig man, I just, I sat there quiet.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
James Chavez: And I know
James Chavez: People have a lot of stories, but I don't have much of a story.
Chris Alliman MD: So the way it works out and we'll get more into this at the end. I've got a bunch more questions to ask you.
Chris Alliman MD: The way it works out is that there are two appointments each week for you to attend one is a group session with me and some other folks that are on Suboxone and the therapist and we'll figure out a time that works for you that way.
Chris Alliman MD: The other is individual therapy with the therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: Each of them are an hour.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's kind of
Chris Alliman MD: How
Chris Alliman MD: It all happens it all happens over zoom
Chris Alliman MD: Just like this.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah, that's a good
James Chavez: Excellent. I'm still getting used to zoom, but
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, we all are right.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Um, alright, going to run through just some yes and no questions here.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, this is thinking, well, thinking about
Chris Alliman MD: The time
Chris Alliman MD: As you've been using heroin or when you were on pills.
Chris Alliman MD: So yeah, if you don't understand them. If I need to repeat them. I certainly can. That's no problem.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so
Chris Alliman MD: We're using the heroin or pills in larger amounts or over a longer period of time. And initially intended
James Chavez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut that cut down or control the use
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time trying to get them to use them or to recover from them.
James Chavez: I'm not trying to get the know just prescription. No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What about using them or recovering from
James Chavez: Them as far as excessively or
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, just did they did, they affect you, to the extent that you had to spend a lot of time recovering from when
James Chavez: No, no, no. I was just a functioning junkie, man.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, where their cravings, or a strong desire to use
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did use cause failure to fulfill rules at work at school or at home.
James Chavez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite there being social or relationship problems worsened by our user
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational recreational activities because of their use.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you use in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
James Chavez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue to use despite knowing they can cause physical or psychological problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So that just kind of gives me an idea of where things stand for you so
Chris Alliman MD: That's helpful. Thank you. We've talked a bit about your, your physical issues and we talked about your medications.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have any mental health diagnosis.
Chris Alliman MD: Depression, anxiety, my
James Chavez: Know I i
James Chavez: Did like um I had major problems because with
James Chavez: My, my, you know, I was physical. I mean, I used to
James Chavez: hike in hunter 10 11,000 feet walking you know and like I said I was in the fire department.
James Chavez: So, um,
James Chavez: I was always, excuse me, my phones on
James Chavez: Showing me advertisements. But anyway, yeah. I mean, I was really physical person. Many hunted and fished in your stayed in shape for work for a for the fire department 25 years
James Chavez: And when I wasn't able to do anything except walk from the bedroom to the kitchen in the living room for a couple years, you know, after surgeries really daunting.
James Chavez: So I had depression.
James Chavez: I had anxiety.
James Chavez: Kind of what guests like borderline Bipolar I had a psycho psycho psychologists going helpful and you know I pretty much got out of all that I'm not, you know, I don't have any anxiety. I don't have any depression anymore. You know, I'm I'm I'm way beyond all that
James Chavez: I just tell them
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, but
James Chavez: See that I don't want to be sick for us, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I hear you, I hear you, your picture is frozen up I think since those advertisements came on your phone.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't know what's right, just turning
Chris Alliman MD: On the video and turning back does
James Chavez: That help
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, much better me back to
James Chavez: The lovely
James Chavez: Let's see.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you hear me okay
Yeah.
James Chavez: Just fine, can you
James Chavez: Can you hear me all right.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that wasn't sure if you can hear.
Chris Alliman MD: You okay
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: To get your rain. The next step here, we're going to run through
Chris Alliman MD: A list of symptoms.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Starting from the head to toe and just working our way down.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Um, I've got a lot of these to ask you, so just give me a yes or no on him. Okay.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so, and we're thinking about the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: So just if you had these over the last few weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: So over the last two weeks. Have you got any fevers.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any chills.
Chris Alliman MD: Night sweats.
James Chavez: Just from
James Chavez: Last couple of days.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah absolutely any vision changes.
James Chavez: I know
Chris Alliman MD: Any hearing
James Chavez: No def
James Chavez: Sirens.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Any bloody noses.
Chris Alliman MD: No nasal congestion.
Chris Alliman MD: Stores
James Chavez: Now know
Chris Alliman MD: Nick pain.
James Chavez: A little bit. I get migraines. I forgot one medicine since you think of that was sumatriptan
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Gotcha.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any costs.
James Chavez: A little
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
James Chavez: Little bit.
James Chavez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Abdominal pain.
No.
James Chavez: Hey buddy.
James Chavez: Grasses destroying
Chris Alliman MD: It sounds kind of
Funny.
James Chavez: Yeah, he's over there having a blast with throwing stuff at the bay windows.
Chris Alliman MD: That'll be good time still that breaks
James Chavez: Salty. It's pretty strong.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, okay, good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Um, any vomiting.
Chris Alliman MD: Last two weeks. Nope, nausea,
Chris Alliman MD: No constipation.
Chris Alliman MD: Diarrhea
Chris Alliman MD: No pain with urination.
James Chavez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Skin changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Know hair changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No, joint pain.
James Chavez: Joint pain.
James Chavez: No I spring my left foot a little bit, but no. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Back pain.
James Chavez: Little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Difficult difficulty walking
Chris Alliman MD: Know paralysis.
Chris Alliman MD: No limp.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Dizziness
James Chavez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: lack of coordination.
Chris Alliman MD: No weakness.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Depression.
Chris Alliman MD: No anxiety.
James Chavez: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Sweet problems.
James Chavez: Yes, well,
James Chavez: I'm sorry I don't have sleep problems. Use a circle.
James Chavez: Yes, I'm glad out
James Chavez: Yeah, if I wrote out. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, hallucinations.
Chris Alliman MD: Now suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: No hopelessness.
Chris Alliman MD: No worthlessness
James Chavez: No.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now we get the fun part.
Chris Alliman MD: We have to do the vitals and the physical exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, which is kind of interesting through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: But you've been resting easily and breathing easily. So I'm putting down a normal respiration rate.
Chris Alliman MD: Of 18 or
Chris Alliman MD: How tall are you,
James Chavez: 511
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And how much do you weigh now.
James Chavez: 160 maybe 165
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Do you know how to check your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Alright, so we're going to check your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to do a timer for six seconds. I'll give you a start and stop and you just count your poses during that time.
Chris Alliman MD: You let me know when you're ready.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, very good. And then really the only other part, we can do
Chris Alliman MD: Is have you push on your stomach.
James Chavez: I'm here, I'm just round up
Chris Alliman MD: And on the camera. If you can push on your stomach. Let me know if it hurts, as you do that.
James Chavez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Good. All right.
James Chavez: Yeah, will praise your monster trucks. I'm done. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Now, how old is your grandson again.
James Chavez: He's three now.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so
Chris Alliman MD: Do
Chris Alliman MD: So the, the residue from Suboxone is enough to cause kids to overdose stop breathing.
Chris Alliman MD: Residue. Yeah, so the film.
Chris Alliman MD: stickiness. They can get on your
Fingers
James Chavez: Around your mouth.
Chris Alliman MD: It's in the rapper. When you're done.
James Chavez: Uh huh.
Chris Alliman MD: If the kid licks the rapper. That's enough to cause them to stop breathing.
James Chavez: Okay, yeah. I didn't know anything about that.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's why I tell you, since you got your
James Chavez: granddaughter away right away in your area.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, exactly. Wash your hands face rinse out your mouth when you're done.
James Chavez: So there's the rapper is. It's like a foil rappers and
James Chavez: Yeah. And you can just drop it in your mouth. Wow, just, it goes go into your tongue or
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: So the way you do it.
Chris Alliman MD: Is that you go into the bathroom and close the door because you can't be disturbed for like 510 minutes
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, rinse out your mouth. Put the film under your mouth and then sit there for five minutes and don't swallow.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. The the
James Chavez: most vibrant all
Chris Alliman MD: Right, the medication is opposed to absorb through the lining in your mouth.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: If you swallow it, and it goes into your stomach. Stomach acid will inactivated.
James Chavez: And activate it. So how do I hold it in
James Chavez: Without swallowing.
Chris Alliman MD: I mean, yeah.
James Chavez: That's kind of you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, so you know it's resist swallowing for as long as you can't you can't not swallow for five minutes. Right. I'm just saying, Do it for a long time, where you just hold the saliva.
Chris Alliman MD: To let things absorb. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I did it will work fine. Regardless of how long you do it for just, just make sure you've got it in there for a good amount of time.
Okay.
James Chavez: Mike, how many goes, I have to take a day. I mean,
James Chavez: Right, so we got to work this
Chris Alliman MD: Out, we have to work this out a little bit. So let's talk some some more before we get there. The other part of this. I'm just finishing off with the kid issue is, I'm going to send in a nasal spray called nor can, you're probably familiar with it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so make sure you've got that at the house. Make sure other people know where it is. God forbid something happened with your grandson. People need to order.
James Chavez: There we have we have some on hand is my wife takes oxycodone. So my final exam or some so they give it to her with your prescription. But yeah, I'm getting
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good. And there'll be refills on it. Also, so if you use one just go get another one.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So,
Chris Alliman MD: The difficulty with any of the replacement medications like methadone Suboxone any of them is that
Chris Alliman MD: If you take it too soon after using heroin or pills or anything, it can kick you into really bad with drugs.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So generally, we want to wait for you to take the Suboxone until you're in moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: Moderate. Yeah.
James Chavez: What are we talking like 20 less than 24 hours. I mean, my withdrawals violence smoke start right away in one
James Chavez: Okay, no.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's when they start right but we don't want it when you started just started kicking into the bad withdrawals.
James Chavez: So you're saying
James Chavez: Your fight if I took Suboxone and smoke was going on, maybe sick.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm also saying that if you just smoked like within the last period of time depends on the person.
Chris Alliman MD: If you take Suboxone too soon after smoking. It'll make you sick.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, alright. So, in general, we understand people to reach reach moderate withdrawals at 72 hours, three days.
James Chavez: That's more moderate from here me
Chris Alliman MD: On it. That's true, that's different for each person I just give
Chris Alliman MD: Me an average. And then we talk from there.
James Chavez: Okay.
James Chavez: So I go into
James Chavez: Severe within 12
James Chavez: Okay.
James Chavez: All right, I'm smoking a gram a day of the best sugar on so
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I hear you, I hear you know we're talking like the goose bumps right we're talking maybe a little bit of sweating.
James Chavez: Pins and Needles little bit
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I
James Chavez: Would I WOULD I DO.
James Chavez: What happens with me is I start cramping.
Yeah.
James Chavez: You know, I start right
James Chavez: Doing this crashing uncontrollably. It's not like Rocky
James Chavez: But my body doesn't without me.
James Chavez: Wanting to do it.
James Chavez: Right, I'm saying it just does it starts this kind of weird shit and all the bones start hurting and stuff right away.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: How long does it
Chris Alliman MD: Take after smoking. How long does that take see you smoke in the morning. How long does it take before you get to that point.
James Chavez: Um, I never get to that point.
James Chavez: I never want to go that far.
James Chavez: You know i mean i it's been it's been a while, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: So,
James Chavez: I mean, I'm really afraid of that.
James Chavez: That's, yeah. That's why I smoke.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, absolutely. I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Afraid many and many people are and I don't want you to that severe end of things I want to hit it.
Chris Alliman MD: Get it before that. But I also want to balance out we're
Chris Alliman MD: Not having the Suboxone throw you into bad withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: Because it'll go along with it, what it does is it competes with heroin for the receptors in the brain. And it kicks heroin off the receptors.
OK.
James Chavez: So my God alone.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so it's
Chris Alliman MD: It's a bit of a challenge, but
James Chavez: It's really just creating a me is just beyond the
James Chavez: Beyond the physical part. It's a mental Part two. I mean, sitting here, smoking, it's a
James Chavez: Yeah, it's like a gambling habits like having to go play poker, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
James Chavez: Right, having moving your hand is like the ritual.
James Chavez: Yes, down to that.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah so Suboxone helps out with the physical part because that is an important part. But just like you're mentioning there's that mental part
Chris Alliman MD: Which is why we have the therapy. That's why we have you do therapy because that is so important.
James Chavez: Yeah yeah
James Chavez: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so, um,
Chris Alliman MD: I want to talk through the prescription for Suboxone and how that's going to be written for you. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Where it's going to be a four day prescription to get started.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, right. And I'm going to send you the information on this to your email. Where'd that go. I got you can't see me.
Chris Alliman MD: 0808 at GMAIL. COM
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so
Chris Alliman MD: I want to talk through the the instructions on the Suboxone but I'm going to email it to you. Also, because I don't expect you to remember it.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The instructions are too long for them to put on the bottle at the pharmacy. So the pharmacy, the bottle is going to have some simplified instructions. Don't pay attention to those
Chris Alliman MD: Use the email that okay
James Chavez: Alright, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so the way it's gonna go. Let me get to that directly about this.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so here we go. So on the first day when you're in moderate withdrawals.
James Chavez: You're going to take one.
Chris Alliman MD: Film one film in the morning.
Chris Alliman MD: And then
Chris Alliman MD: Two to four hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Later, you can take another half the film.
Chris Alliman MD: And then two to four hours after that you can take another half of film.
Okay.
James Chavez: All right, so that's
James Chavez: 60 milligrams or 21
Chris Alliman MD: Of these yep that 16 milligrams and the first day.
James Chavez: Of
Chris Alliman MD: The second day, you're going to start with the total from the first day. So if you took 16 milligrams. The first day, you start with 16 milligrams. The second day
James Chavez: Okay, so first thing whenever I get up. I'm not a morning person now so
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, whatever works for you make it, make it work for your schedule.
Chris Alliman MD: That's okay. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: And then again, the two to four hours later, you can take another half of film and two to four hours later, again, you can take another half of film.
James Chavez: For those 40 milligrams out of time.
Chris Alliman MD: Correct. So that'll be a total of 24 milligrams
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: On day three, you're going to take the total from day two. And you can spread that out throughout the day. It doesn't have to be all at one time.
James Chavez: The 24
Yep.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: On day four, we generally decrease down to two films.
Chris Alliman MD: But no extra half of films. Now, I hear what you're saying and kind of your situation and we may want to just stabilize it out and maybe just stick with three films at that point.
James Chavez: Okay, all one or
James Chavez: spread over the course of the day.
Chris Alliman MD: You can, yeah, you can spread it. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Does that sound right.
James Chavez: Yeah, yeah, no problem. I'm
James Chavez: I'm just kind of thinking ahead to where I mean, how often do I take it. I mean, if I take my first those how often during one what I take my second those I'm talking day three.
James Chavez: Yeah, I'm
James Chavez: Just, you know, like four hours. There's six hours there.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so you know it's supposed to last the the full day so full 20 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, so we eat our division.
James Chavez: Okay, so basically I shouldn't have any withdrawal symptoms by them. I mean, I shouldn't be.
Chris Alliman MD: Work. Yeah, I say for you should be doing fine.
James Chavez: Okay.
James Chavez: So when I do withdraw.
James Chavez: I have. Okay, yeah. Gotcha.
James Chavez: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: You have to wait till you're in moderate withdrawals. I keep saying
James Chavez: I know
James Chavez: It's tough to get there want to smoke. They want to feel sick at all.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I'm going to email these instructions to you right now. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, that should be in your email.
James Chavez: Okay, where are you located up
Chris Alliman MD: I'm in Albuquerque.
James Chavez: Are you
James Chavez: Are you here.
James Chavez: Okay, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. Um, I need to check your pharmacy as the next step.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So give me a second. As I get into that.
Page.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I have Walgreens on Montgomery.
James Chavez: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, that's what I got good so
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to after we get done here. I'm going to send the prescription in right away.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I don't know, Walgreens is open 24 hours or what
James Chavez: No, it's
James Chavez: A closed by nine unbelief. I don't know. Now with the coven 19 now different hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Hard to say. So you may end up picking this up tomorrow. Instead, it's, it's hard to know.
James Chavez: Yeah, I'll pick it up tomorrow 511 or so.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so
Chris Alliman MD: We'll get that taken care of and I'll sit in the dark and and also
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, we need to figure out a group time for you. Do you have any commitments during the week.
James Chavez: Nothing Man I'm I'm retired. I just, I don't do well.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
James Chavez: You know i mean i'm financially okay or babysit. You know, I just, I don't get high. I mean, I just smoked out to be sick, you know, function, I can do you know I did the air conditioner that and kind of got kind of a semi large Josh Yeah for Queen all days.
Chris Alliman MD: Especially with the three and a half year old man, you gotta
James Chavez: Tell me about it, man. You
Chris Alliman MD: Know, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'd like to do is see
Chris Alliman MD: Could you join our Monday 12 noon.
James Chavez: Group. Sure.
James Chavez: Okay. Oh, no problem.
Chris Alliman MD: So I would recommend that you put reminders in your phone put an alarm on your phone.
Chris Alliman MD: And I would ask that you check into the virtual
Chris Alliman MD: Clinic today.
Chris Alliman MD: But check in at least 30 minutes ahead of time.
James Chavez: Okay, can you can you see me. Oh.
Chris Alliman MD: You're frozen again.
James Chavez: Okay, I don't know how to do that. Let me see.
James Chavez: I want to leave. Yeah, see where I get pop up commercials. I don't know how to get real.
James Chavez: Huh, I get like a chick talk
James Chavez: And Google Play. They keep they, you know, it doesn't matter what I'm doing, someone a telephone call or if I'm on Google or someone on the phone like this just a pop up.
Chris Alliman MD: Once you're eating. Yeah, I don't know how to do this.
Chris Alliman MD: really find out how to get rid of tick tock pop ups.
James Chavez: I know I've tried. I keep looking on Google how to get that you use my audio.
Chris Alliman MD: No, I can still
James Chavez: Hear you
Okay.
James Chavez: All right, now just to figure out how to get
Chris Alliman MD: Yet, don't worry about it. We're almost to the end here, but do do work out as best you can.
Chris Alliman MD: So the virtual clinic is calling the doctor's office or going into the doctor's office one, there's always align
Chris Alliman MD: To there's always paperwork to do
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so make sure you call in at least 30 minutes ahead of time so that you can get through all of that stuff. Because if you call in five minutes before group, you're not going to get into
James Chavez: The group.
James Chavez: Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: And group.
Chris Alliman MD: Is where we refill your medication.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, the virtual clinic is also what you call if you have any difficulties or any problems if anything's amiss, please, please give the verge clinic a call. I'm not readily available, but they can help get the questions worked out.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm I'm also going to send your information to our therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: Her name is Serena beers.
James Chavez: What's the last thing.
Chris Alliman MD: Beers be ers.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: AND SHE'LL BE BE BE IN TOUCH scheduling an intake in them and appointments with her.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Now again, what I'm going to do is send in your prescription for Suboxone today that's going to be for
Chris Alliman MD: Four days for Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday on Saturday. I'm going to send in a prescription for two days. That'll cover you then for
Chris Alliman MD: Sunday and Monday.
James Chavez: Okay, that's great.
James Chavez: I checked with my privacy.
James Chavez: I mean with President dream and it's 95 time or you
James Chavez: Know malleable.
James Chavez: So,
James Chavez: I don't know, I'll give them a call. It doesn't matter. I got the money anyway.
Chris Alliman MD: So, so we need to talk through this next part because I hear what you're saying. And that's, that's crazy. But generally, what we do for the first month is we do a prescription to prescriptions. A week one goes from group.
Chris Alliman MD: Your therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: And then when you attend therapy. I send in a second one to get you back to group.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I hear what you're saying cost wise, I think that might be something that we need to investigate a little bit further. So I might have one of our one of my assistance check in on that because
James Chavez: A lot of money. Yeah. Once well received the ears of thing. If I took the pills. It's cheaper but I can't take the pills.
And you know strips.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, districts is what we most commonly used. So I'm certainly work with that but I hear what you're saying with causal
Chris Alliman MD: The way to work through the cost quickly is show up for all of your appointments
Chris Alliman MD: Are he on time.
Chris Alliman MD: Doing your check ins, make sure you go to group, make sure you're on it. If you show me that you're committed, I'll be able to extend the the prescription more quickly for you.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And I just need to know that you're committed what we've discovered is that if people get you no longer prescriptions. They just don't show up for there are
Chris Alliman MD: Other therapy. Yeah.
James Chavez: Well, that's where you get cut off.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Uh huh.
James Chavez: So that's not being committed, I understand what you're saying.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, exactly. Good. All right. Now there are a couple rules that we have for for the sessions. One is things need to be private, because nobody else wants their information being shared.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Being in a in a quiet room. I appreciate that you have the year, but in. That's great.
Chris Alliman MD: We don't people
Chris Alliman MD: Please be seated. As you have been today with good lighting. It's been perfect. Well done.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: No Substance use no smoking cigarettes.
Chris Alliman MD: You know, be present, just like you would be in the doctor's office hat off paying attention and being present.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, pretty simple.
James Chavez: Yeah, no problem.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. Excellent. All right, any other questions.
James Chavez: No. Am I supposed to get a new like number from you for, um,
James Chavez: How do I check in.
Chris Alliman MD: So you check in by calling into the virtual clinic that 30 minutes ahead of time.
James Chavez: On the data because
Chris Alliman MD: The zoom number changes every time.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
James Chavez: But they'll give it a
James Chavez: Go ahead. I don't use a faraway number, second anymore.
Chris Alliman MD: The 408 number
James Chavez: 408 is the number I got to bright heart health. I was talking to them. I guess we're in California.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, no, that's
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that's, that's the one that you call
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm pretty sure
Chris Alliman MD: That you call
James Chavez: So the meeting number changes everything.
Chris Alliman MD: Correct the zoom Room meeting number changes each time.
James Chavez: Okay, and they'll give that to me.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, usually what happens is, you know, if you're, you can check in up to six hours before the group time they don't
Chris Alliman MD: Fall on the phone.
James Chavez: Hours, you
Chris Alliman MD: Check in you go through stuff. And once I give them the zoom room number, they'll email it to you.
James Chavez: Okay, so when I get on that early. Is there a way to leave. I mean not leave but stay connected and still do other things on the phone.
James Chavez: And I'm saying. You're saying I gotta check in six hours early. So, I mean, there's my tying up my phone for six hours.
Chris Alliman MD: No, no you you talk with them, you do all your stuff and then you hang up.
Chris Alliman MD: And then when when I give them the zoom room number when we're ready to get started.
James Chavez: Building
Chris Alliman MD: My email it to you and then you're
James Chavez: Like, just like we did tonight.
Chris Alliman MD: Just like we did tonight. Yeah, okay. No. Again, you don't have to check in six hours early, you can check in at least 30 minutes beforehand, at least 30 minutes, no more than six hours anytime in between there.
Okay.
James Chavez: JUST FRUSTRATED. I can't, you can't see me anymore.
Chris Alliman MD: It's hard, I
James Chavez: Agree anyway.
Chris Alliman MD: It's all good. All right, other questions I want to make sure that you've got this and you understand it all before we jump off.
James Chavez: A No. I think pretty straightforward. You know, I'll pick up this Martian tomorrow.
James Chavez: Probably smoked before I pick it up. Be ready
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I hear you and I. Understand you'll do what you need to do just I'm really concerned.
Chris Alliman MD: About throwing you into severe withdrawals. Take the Suboxone too early.
James Chavez: Okay, so let's say I get up smoke party at 10 o'clock. Yeah.
James Chavez: Where do you think six, eight o'clock in the evening.
Chris Alliman MD: Just now.
Chris Alliman MD: It totally like I said, on average, for most people. It's like 72 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: And you're talking maybe 10
James Chavez: Yeah, I get made, you're sick right away.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So I can tell.
Chris Alliman MD: You. I can't really tell you how long it's going to be, that's something you're going to have to
James Chavez: Determine how to work that out.
James Chavez: With girls. I actually don't. I mean, when we're talking moderate i mean i don't i don't get moderate i mean i go i start sweating right away I get pins and needles and then you know I'm talking 12 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so I would encourage you to push it out as long as you can.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And then when you need to take it you take it.
James Chavez: Okay, yeah, as you were once once I get the email like the the leg was at the, what we call
Chris Alliman MD: The anxiousness anxiety.
James Chavez: You know, the, the restless relate
James Chavez: To our MLS. Why did that through my whole body.
Chris Alliman MD: Mm hmm.
James Chavez: Ya know, and just like I said, I start like convulsing without wanting to do with my body just does it automatically craft. And you know what, maybe it is closer to 24 I get to that point.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah.
James Chavez: 72 for me on 72 I'd already be on the downside on the withdrawal.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
James Chavez: Fair enough, because my my total with troll is is four days.
James Chavez: Again for me to have no symptoms anymore. Not feeling sick at all. You know, it's been a long time since I've not enough been sick like that. But after, after four days I'm usually okay after. Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Well, we'll do what we can. With all of this. That's why this beginning doses kind of four days long. It's supposed to help people get from the moderate with rolls through that really bad time.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: But we'll, we'll work it out.
James Chavez: sounds really good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. So I'm going to get your stuff taken care of. I'll be sending in another prescription for you on Saturday for
Chris Alliman MD: To cover Sunday and Monday. That'll be three pills for three films for each day.
James Chavez: So if I have any questions in between.
Chris Alliman MD: Go to the clinic.
James Chavez: For virtual class. Okay. Yeah.
James Chavez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, James. Sounds good. It's good to meet you today.
James Chavez: Thank you, Dr. Armand
James Chavez: You bet. I look forward to seeing you again.
James Chavez: Thank you. Very easy to talk to you, man. I really appreciate
Chris Alliman MD: Good man. You are too. I love it. It's nice. You have a good
James Chavez: Night. Thank you to
A rock. You bet.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so dictating on the most of the information there.
Chris Alliman MD: Say compression patient with substance abuse.
Chris Alliman MD: Patients level of stress is severe include the economic and relationship problems patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations appears abstract on exam patient reports a history of psychological treatment, but no hospitalization vital show heart rate is 90 pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: Respiration 18 height five feet 11 inches weighed 265 pounds physical exam is normal.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient with diagnoses of opioid use disorder insomnia tobacco abuse chronic pain syndrome.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient will start on the induction plan with Suboxone a narc can was prescribed patient instructed to wait until moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: BNP was reviewed and shows three prescribers to pharmacies last fill of benzodiazepines oxy codeine and hydrocodone were in November and December of 2019
Chris Alliman MD: Patient will connect with the Monday 12 noon group in New Mexico therapy will be with Serena beers.
Chris Alliman MD: number next to his tobacco abuse disorder patient is using Chantix to help him quit number. Next is the chronic pain syndrome patient to use a box on to help out with his pain. This will be divided doses throughout the day, as opposed to single dose daily
Chris Alliman MD: Alright indication of this guy. Thanks.